[singing voice] Aniplex.
[Chen] Well, Mr. Zhou,
I've been notified
the home country
will be sending us a warship.
Thanks to your hospitality,
we can launch
our next operation.
[Zhou] It's my honor
to have been able
to assist you,
Lord Chen.
Thing is,
fortune deserted us,
and my second in command fell
into the enemy's hands.
I'm sorry.
Truly,
this can only have been
the worst of luck.
I thought Master Lu unbeatable.
[Chen] His defeat
is a colossal disgrace.
All the same,
our country needs that soldier.
[grunts]
I wonder if you could help
us on in that regard.
Of course.
Your wish is my command,
my lord.
As a matter of fact,
Master Lu is scheduled
to be transported tomorrow
to a foreigner's prison
which is located in Yokosuka.
[Chen grunts]
That's hard to believe.
[Zhou] Indeed.
It's quite opportune.
The timing couldn't be better
for us.
And in exchange,
if you don't take offense
to me putting it that way,
during tomorrow's operation,
could you stay away
from this area?
[grunts]
[Chen] Absolutely.
Whatever you want.
I'll see to it that Chinatown
is spared from harm.
At least,
as much as possible.
Our number one target
is the Kanto branch
of the Magic Association.
That tower is located right next
to this district.
We're also going after
student magicians' research data
at the thesis competition
at the convention center nearby.
So some skirmishing will
unavoidably spill over here.
I see.
Thanks for making the effort.
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[school bells ringing]
Tatsuya, what time
are you going to head
to the convention
center tomorrow?
I'm meeting the others there
at 8:00.
The competition starts
at 9:00 a. m.
First High will take
the stage at 3:00 p. m.
[Erika] So you're
meeting up there?
What about the demo device?
Student council hired
a transport company.
Why do you ask, Erika?
[Erika] Oh, uh, it's just‐‐
Tatsuya, about the guard detail
for the demo,
could you let us help out
with that as well?
Fine by me,
I suppose.
But I don't understand.
Why would you two go through
all that trouble?
Well, of course you'd ask that.
And the answer is...
After all that special training
with Erika,
letting it simply go to waste
would be a real shame.
[groans]
But I can't say that,
can I?
Hmm?
Aww, man!
I missed school just
to train this guy's butt off
so wouldn't I look like
a complete idiot
if the incident got resolved
without us?
[both gasping]
[exhales]
[both laughing nervously]
I have zero idea what it is
you two are up to here.
[chuckles]
However, it is possible
that something else may happen.
Huh?
I thought the incident
had been successfully resolved.
You're saying that
as though this incident
will be a one‐and‐done matter.
I've been told
the thesis competition
is targeted every year.
[Mikimoto] Oh, I see.
You're right.
In that case,
would it be okay
if I enlist for guard duty, too?
Tatsuya, I wanna help out, too.
If there's anything I can do,
please tell me.
Sure.
Listen, don't think you need
to get all gung ho.
Cheering from the audience
would be enough.
‐ [Erika] Huh?
‐ [Leonhard] You don't really
mean that, Tatsuya?
Nonetheless, if there
is some kind of incident,
I don't imagine anyone
will complain
if audience members help us
pick up the pieces.
[both gasping]
[all giggling]
[Erika] Help you pick up
the pieces, huh?
[gasps]
[knocking]
[Satomi] Come in.
Hello, Ms. Hosuka.
Miss Ichihara, welcome.
[Suzune] I hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
I'd like to speak with her now.
[Satomi] It's fine by me.
[Suzune] Chiaki Hirakawa.
I came here to let you know
that your methods
will not garner
Shiba's attention.
Never mind any goodwill.
You'll draw neither enmity
nor animosity from him.
Tatsuya Shiba is very arrogant.
No matter how many people
may disagree with his choices,
he'll probably just ignore them.
[gasps]
[Suzune] He would never even
take the time to sneer at you
let alone sympathize with you.
[grunts]
[Chiaki snarls]
[Suzune] Miss Chiaki,
did you know
in the written exam portion
of the first semester finals,
Mr. Shiba scored so high
that he left everybody
below second place
in the dust?
In particular,
he achieved an astonishing
perfect score
in magical engineering.
What does that have
to do with anything?
[Suzune] Because the first year
who came in second was you.
You scored 92 out of 100.
Normally you could have made
a claim for top marks
with such a high score.
So what if I did?
As far as studying the field
of magic engineering goes,
I truly believe you have
the potential
to surpass even Shiba.
[gasps]
[Suzune] I learned a lot about
his skills
after working with him
for three weeks.
His weak point became apparent.
He doesn't seem very adept
with hardware.
If you can hold on
to your feelings
of bitterness and pour them
into something productive,
then I'm positive one day
you'll find
a way to accomplish it.
[gasping]
Please come
to the competition tomorrow.
I suspect you'll find it
very interesting.
So, uh, Miss Ichihara?
You can let me know
if you don't feel well.
Don't worry, Hattori.
There's no reason
to be concerned.
It was merely
a bit of self‐loathing.
[Suzune] We need to make sure
that our school reaps
the benefits
of Chiaki's potential
as a magical engineer.
It can't be squandered.
Honestly.
I think I'd make
a fine con artist, don't you?
[chuckles]
[train clacking]
This wine is delicious.
I'm glad you're liking it.
That's one of my favorites.
Anyway,
it's the least I can do.
Thanks to you it looks like
we'll be closing this case soon.
[Toshikazu] So this is my way
of showing my appreciation.
Consider this a toast to you.
Inspector,
did you really invite me
up here tonight just
to express your gratitude?
Huh?
[giggles]
Well, if you're available...
I'd enjoy your company
for tomorrow as well.
Huh?
Oh, uh, sure thing.
If you will have me
I would be glad to.
Thanks so much, inspector.
How about 8:30
tomorrow morning?
What if we meet outside
Sakuragichou Station?
Wait, morning?
[Kyouko] Yes.
Tomorrow they'll be holding
the National High School
magic thesis competition
at the Yokohama International
Convention Center.
Did you not realize that?
Oh.
[Toshikazu] I mean,
I am aware.
[Kyouko] A young man
who I'm acquainted with
will be taking part
in the contest
so I'd like to go cheer him on.
[Toshikazu] Ah.
One more thing.
If possible,
please ask some friends‐‐
your subordinates, maybe‐‐
to join us.
Huh?
[Kyouko] If you could also bring
and loaded firearms,
that'd be a huge help.
Wh‐‐so what might
you be anticipating?
Obviously...
[Kyouko] I'm hoping
that nothing happens, but...
[indistinct chatter]
Oh.
[gasping]
I knew it.
Miyuki, it's been a long time,
hasn't it?
That's right.
I haven't seen you since
that day back in February.
First Lieutenant,
are you sure you should
be visiting
the First High green room?
Oh, it's all right.
After all,
as a technical officer,
it would make sense
that I'm visiting you,
the student who unveiled
such dazzling skills during
the NSC in the spring.
[chuckles]
Okay, enough with
the pleasantries,
special agent.
The mobile suit we discussed
has been completed.
[Kyouko] Lieutenant Sanada
told me to let you know
they'll be delivering
it here tonight.
Wow, they finished
the suit already?
That's quite impressive.
That isn't all, though.
Sadly, that incident isn't
entirely over just yet.
Is there another problem?
[Kyouko] The details
are on this card.
While I've taken
some precautions myself
in anticipation,
You should remain alert also.
A battle may be brewing.
I understand.
Miyuki and I will make sure
to at least be prepared.
I'll follow your lead, brother.
But if we are attacked...
[gasps]
[Kyouko] I'm counting on you.
[exhales]
[Miyuki] Very well.
[indistinct chatter]
[gasps]
[groans]
Huh?
Hey, Erika,
that guy over there.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Hmm?
Oh, so do you know that man?
[Erika] He's just some creepy
pickup artist.
[Masaki] Miss Shiba.
[Miyuki] Oh, Mr. Ichijou.
[Masaki] It's been a while.
How are you?
I haven't seen you since
that after party dance.
Oh, yes.
I'm so sorry I haven't been
in touch since then.
Oh, no.
I should be sorry.
[Miyuki] So are you patrolling
the site?
[grunts]
That's correct.
I volunteered to participate
in the event's
joint security detail.
Oh, my.
How truly noble of you.
Just knowing you're out there
really helps put
my mind at ease.
I'm counting on you, okay?
I promise I will do everything
in my power
to live up to your expectations.
[Miyuki] Good luck as well,
Mr. Tomitsuka.
Y‐‐You know my name, too?
Thank you very much, Miss Shiba!
It's almost time
so I must get going.
I'll be looking forward
to next time.
[both chuckling]
‐ [groans]
‐ [Woman] In just a few minutes,
the opening ceremony will begin.
Staff members and contestants,
please make your way
to the main hall by 9:00 a. m.
[Erika] Hey, Tatsuya.
Hi, Erika.
Hang on.
Where's Leo?
Give me a break!
Would you mind not lumping me in
with that knucklehead?
[Erika] All I did was bestow
some skills
and weapons on the guy,
you know.
You're imagining things.
There is nothing between us
beyond that.
I didn't intend it
to come off that way.
Do you mind if I ask where
the others are?
[Erika] Mizuki and Miki
are down there.
They got front row seats.
[chuckles]
So cozy together.
‐ Ah.
‐ [Kyouko] Pardon me.
‐ Do you have a moment?
‐ [gasps]
[Haruka] Y‐‐Yes.
Have a seat.
Why, thank you.
You're staring at me
so intensely.
No offense but it's starting
to embarrass me.
[grunts]
Sorry.
No.
Don't worry about it.
In fact,
I'm actually honored
the Miss Phantom has developed
such a keep interest in me.
[Haruka] Who would have ever
guessed the Electron Sorceress
had ever heard of me?
I am as equally honored here
as you are.
All right.
Is there something you wanted
to discuss with me?
[Kyouko] Come on.
I'm sure you already know.
You don't need me to go
into actual detail, right?
Sorry.
I'm not exactly
a prodigy like you are.
I don't have such insight.
My, how modest you are.
It's odd.
Master Kokonoe had only
the highest of praise for you.
[gasping]
Would you mind
if I'm straightforward
with you, Miss Phantom?
‐ [Haruka gasps]
‐ Oh, there's no need to worry.
I fully understand you're just
being loyal to your mission.
Believe me when I say
I simply recommend you and I
as professional peers respect
each other's boundaries.
Nothing more.
To be perfectly honest,
I'm not sure what
you mean by that.
There won't be any admonishment
coming from above.
But on the other hand,
whoever is curious about
my friends,
that's who does indeed deserve
to be admonished.
[grunts]
[cell phone ringing]
[Haruka] Curious.
She waited till now
to give me a warning,
which must mean
there's something about
the relationship between Shiba
and Kyouko Fujibayashi
that needs to be kept secret.
[beeping]
Is it the JDF?
Or maybe...
Lu Ganghu has escaped?
[gasps]
I don't mean to be rude,
but is that intel reliable?
[Harunobu] Mm‐hmm.
His prison transport vehicle
was attacked
on its way to Yokosuka.
But why today of all days?
[Harunobu] Fortunately,
thanks
to the weapons test scheduled
for tomorrow in Hodogaya,
we're ready to mobilize.
In light of the news,
I've decided to leave early
and head over there now.
We'll be arriving
at about 1500 hours.
Roger that.
I'll be on the lookout
for you personally.
[Harunobu] I'm counting on you.
Sekimoto and Hirakawa
were after
the thesis
competition materials.
And after further interrogating
Sekimoto today,
we were able to determine
that he had been subjected
to mind control.
[Hanzou] Whatever
shady organization
is using Sekimoto and Hirakawa
to target the thesis
might take drastic measures.
I was told they wanted Juumonji
in particular
to keep a close watch on
the site.
That's the message I was given
to relay to you
by Miss Saegusa.
Understood.
Then I want you two
to monitor the perimeter
of the convention center.
both: We understand.
Hattori, Kirihara.
‐ Yeah?
‐ Huh?
Does anything about
all this feel‐‐
I don't know‐‐
like something's off?
Huh?
Like what?
[grunts]
Just a week ago,
I took a trip here
to case the joint ahead of time.
I noticed something.
There are more foreigners around
the area now than usual.
[Katsuto] You agree with me,
then?
Yes.
[Katsuto] Kirihara?
Yeah.
Compared to here,
the atmosphere
and the city streets
only feels a lot more menacing.
True.
I agree.
Hattori, Kirihara,
wear bulletproof vests.
[both gasping]
both: Copy that, sir.
Listen, it's Juumonji.
An order for joint
security detail.
Beginning right now,
all members are
to wear bulletproof vests.
[Katsuto] I repeat,
you are required to patrol
the site wearing
bulletproof vests.
[grunts]
Mikihiko, we okay?
For right now at least,
there's nothing amiss.
And Mizuki?
About the same.
I'm not seeing
anything weird yet.
[Woman] Starting off,
First High School.
Their theme
is gravity control‐type
thermonuclear reactor.
Allotted time: 30 minutes.
What processes are required
to actualize nuclear power
in reliable form?
[Suzune] The answer has already
been made clear
in the previous century.
[globe whirring]
[audience gasping]
First, convert the hydrogen fuel
into plasma,
providing time
for a fusion reaction
to generate enough heat
and then sustain that reaction.
As you can see illustrated
on screen,
this issue has already
been resolved
through release‐type magic.
The other issue is bringing
the atomic nuclei in question
into close contact,
despite inherent
electrical repulsion.
However, there's no method
to address this challenge,
and we still haven't actualized
a stable nuclear reaction.
The reasons for this are many,
but there's a theory that all
these issues stem
from one thing.
The electric repulsive
force found
within fusing range cannot
be overcome
by extracting the energy.
[magical whirring]
We are officially
in position now.
[exhales]
[Lu] We'll be setting our plan
in motion as scheduled.
[chuckles]
[Suzune] As the distance
closes between the nuclei,
the electric repulsive force
increases geometrically.
When same charge objects
with strong
Coulomb forces draw close,
repulsion increases
and therefore makes
it impossible for the objects
to physically collide.
Although...
[loud clanging]
[all shouting]
It is possible to reduce
the electric repulsive force
through the use of magic.
This year we have succeeded
in developing a magic sequence
which will reduce
the apparent Coulomb force
within a restricted area
to a 100,000th.
[crowd gasping]
Without an impetus,
any nuclear reaction will
then immediately come screeching
to an absolute standstill.
Our gravity control‐type magic
fusion reactor
actually takes advantage
of this.
Once the reaction stops,
it cools the gas through
a vibration‐type spell
to a level that container
can withstand.
[beeps]
[whirring]
It then transforms
the collected heat
into both gravity‐control
and Coulomb control energy.
Through gravity
control‐type magic,
the pistons continue to rise due
to inertial energy.
And the hydrogen gas
now cooled down
to optimum levels is sent
to a heat sink tank.
At this point,
a highly ranked magician
is still required
to keep this experimental
device operating,
but now
with improved efficiency,
and by using release‐type magic
as a substitute,
we think a gravity control‐type
magic fusion reactor
which requires
a magician present
only for initial activation
can be real.
[applause]
[Woman] We will now take
a ten‐minute break
between presentations.
Third High School's‐‐
[Shinkurou] So you pulled
it off, huh?
Hmm?
Gotta say,
abandoning your initial premise
of a sustained nuclear reaction
and then pivoting
to the actualization
of an intermittent
nuclear reaction
through loop casting
was quite an inspired idea.
Well, thank you,
I guess I should say.
[Shinkurou] It's not
like I expected you
to thank me.
Gravity control‐type magic
is used
in flying‐type magic, too.
It's a conventional application
of the spell.
The Coulomb control‐type spell.
Isn't it a variation on
a counter spell?
Molecular binding?
[chuckles]
I tip my hat
to your keen eyesight.
As expected of Cardinal George.
Just so you know,
we're not going to lose to you.
Shiba, this time
we will beat you.
[chuckles]
[booming]
[gasps]
What?
[rumbling]
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪